Question 1)
When a database is split into chunks, with each server holding one chunk, and an additional server is present to provide overall lookups, this is called what?

Master-slave replication
Reverse proxy
Caching
Sharding
Question 2)
A reverse proxy can be used to serve what parts of a web application, leaving the rest to be handled by the web server?

API calls
Database calls
Static files
Application URLs
Question 3)
When internal applications or microservices are communicating across private IP spaces, _____ may be necessary.

A content delivery network
Private load balancing
External client requests
Public load balancing
Question 4)
Tools like load balancers, computing units, and storage are typically offered as part of which service model?

PaaS
SaaS
DBaaS
IaaS
Question 5)
What are some of the traits of a type-1 hypervisor? Select all that apply.

Runs on bare metal servers
Runs on top of an operating system
More efficient
Has a simple management console
Question 6)
The management, networking, deployment, and scaling of containers is handled through _____.

An operating system
A hypervisor
Container orchestration
Containerization
Question 7)
Which type of server will automatically collect static files from a web server when they change?

Load balancer
Push CDN
Hypervisor
Pull CDN
Question 8)
Which of the following items are true about scalability? Select all that apply.

In horizontal scaling, you keep adding more computing units in the network.
In vertical scaling, you keep adding processing cores, RAM and storage in the server.
In vertical scaling, you keep adding more computing units in the network.
In auto-scaling, the scalability is managed by the cloud provider, and the capacity increases or decreases according to the load.
In horizontal scaling, you keep adding processing cores, RAM and storage in the server.
Question 9)
Using this type of storage, you can upload and download large or small files via an API, as well as make those files available to anyone for a specified amount of time.

Object storage
Redundant storage
Database storage
Volatile storage
Question 10)
In _____, after code is developed and tested, it is automatically moved to production to update the current application.

Serverless computing
Version control
Continuous integration (CI)
Continuous deployment (CD)
 
